{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\uc1
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Liberation Sans;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Courier New;}}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet
{\s6\fi-431\li720\sbasedon28\snext28 Contents 1;}
{\s7\fi-431\li1440\sbasedon28\snext28 Contents 2;}
{\s1\fi-431\li720 Arrowhead List;}
{\s27\fi-431\li720\sbasedon28 Lower Roman List;}
{\s29\tx431\sbasedon20\snext28 Numbered Heading 1;}
{\s30\tx431\sbasedon21\snext28 Numbered Heading 2;}
{\s12\fi-431\li720 Diamond List;}
{\s9\fi-431\li2880\sbasedon28\snext28 Contents 4;}
{\s8\fi-431\li2160\sbasedon28\snext28 Contents 3;}
{\s31\tx431\sbasedon22\snext28 Numbered Heading 3;}
{\s32\fi-431\li720 Numbered List;}
{\s15\sbasedon28 Endnote Text;}
{\*\cs14\fs20\super Endnote Reference;}
{\s4\fi-431\li720 Bullet List;}
{\s5\tx1584\sbasedon29\snext28 Chapter Heading;}
{\s35\fi-431\li720 Square List;}
{\s11\fi-431\li720 Dashed List;}
{\s22\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon28\snext28 Heading 3;}
{\s37\fi-431\li720 Tick List;}
{\s24\fi-431\li720 Heart List;}
{\s40\fi-431\li720\sbasedon32 Upper Roman List;}
{\s39\fi-431\li720\sbasedon32 Upper Case List;}
{\s16\fi-288\li288\fs20\sbasedon28 Footnote;}
{\s19\fi-431\li720 Hand List;}
{\s18\fs20\sbasedon28 Footnote Text;}
{\s20\sb440\sa60\f1\fs34\b\sbasedon28\snext28 Heading 1;}
{\s21\sb440\sa60\f1\fs28\b\sbasedon28\snext28 Heading 2;}
{\s10\qc\sb240\sa120\f1\fs32\b\sbasedon28\snext28 Contents Header;}
{\s23\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon28\snext28 Heading 4;}
{\s28\f0\fs24 Normal;}
{\s26\fi-431\li720\sbasedon32 Lower Case List;}
{\s2\li1440\ri1440\sa120\sbasedon28 Block Text;}
{\s33\f2\sbasedon28 Plain Text;}
{\s34\tx1584\sbasedon29\snext28 Section Heading;}
{\s25\fi-431\li720 Implies List;}
{\s3\fi-431\li720 Box List;}
{\s36\fi-431\li720 Star List;}
{\*\cs17\fs20\super Footnote Reference;}
{\s38\fi-431\li720 Triangle List;}
{\s13\fi-288\li288\sbasedon28 Endnote;}}
\kerning0\cf0\ftnbj\fet2\ftnstart1\ftnnar\aftnnar\ftnstart1\aftnstart1\aenddoc\revprop3{\*\rdf}{\info\uc1{\author Andrew Luke Smith}}\deftab720\viewkind1\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\widowctrl
\sectd\sbknone\colsx360\pgncont\ltrsect
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs28\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Argument map: The world is computer program, and God is/are the geek(s) that made it.}{\s28\f0\fs28\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch - Laws of physics\tab The laws of physics are mathematical, which is exactly what would be expected from a computer program.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab - Small particles seem unnecessary for a program that works on a scale of centimetres.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch - Perception\tab An R[ole]P[laying]G[ame] universe can be perceived by the player(s). This means that an RPG is sensible for a universe, with a perspective being a character on a physical plane, }{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang2057{\*\listtag0}without}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0} insane powers (me) -- unlike physics (no perception) or one with the supernatural (a spirit or God perceiving, not a physical object like me) -- meaning it is more rational.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch - An arrogant or deprived God?\tab As God is claimed to be omnipotent and is worshipped across the world, it is possible that he is actually someone who wants companionship through creating this world, and gets attention he clearly lacks through being worshipped.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab - Grants an answer to what }{\s28\f0\fs24\i\lang2057{\*\listtag0}and}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0} why\tab All the other theories only seem to give an answer to one of these two questions, this one seems to answer both, though.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab \tab - This doesn\uc1\u8217\'92t automatically make it true, though.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab - A being in this situation would have a lot of spare time, explaining all the detail and evidence of design in the universe.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch - Apparent age \tab A video game universe can seem  many millions of years old, with cultures, eroded landscapes, and old characters... Even though it\uc1\u8217\'92s only lasted as long as the current play session! This, in theory, can be carried over to the universe.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab - Explains the unknowns\tab The unknown parts of the universe (dark matter, dark energy, \uc1\u8220\'93the missing mass [research required]\uc1\u8221\'94, quantum mechanics, the missing parallel dimensions, etc...) could possibly be apparent age not quite working (comparable to stupid media logic [EXAMPLES NEEDED!!!!!] or a computer glitch).}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab \tab - Speaking of glitches...\tab I have experienced glitches in the matrix (I FINALLY made the obvious reference!), whether it is some silly co-incidences [examples please], or bad hit detection while I\uc1\u8217\'92m playing tennis (yes, that actually happened, I didn\uc1\u8217\'92t just miss or anything...), they have seemed to happen... A lot!}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab \tab \tab - Glitch in the universe or one in my eyesight?\tab Optical illusions are a more rational explanation for the universe\uc1\u8217\'92s oddities.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch - Too intricate/interactive for a mere computer.\tab The universe is simply too complicated for even a fast computer to handle.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab - Soon to be muted point\tab The power of computers is increasing exponentially, so a whole universe, including high-power computers isn\uc1\u8217\'92t actually that far out of technology\uc1\u8217\'92s reach (you can already play mine-craft using a redstone computer!).}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\s28\itap0{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \tab - Not a whole universe\tab the point is assuming the universe was }{\s28\f0\fs24\b\lang2057{\*\listtag0}all}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0} }{\s28\f0\fs24\i\lang2057{\*\listtag0}actually}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0} generated, but I can\uc1\u8217\'92t see beyond my own viewpoint, so I don\uc1\u8217\'92t know how much actually exists.}{\s28\f0\fs24\lang2057{\*\listtag0}\par}}